# hello-world
hi I'm new
I'm taking a new approach to learning programming and I'm excited to get started. In the past I've gotten very frustrated and bored with it as I had no guidance, goals, or
direction. I'm starting a cyber secuirty degree in Fall 2022, 7 years after I left college because it wasn't for me at the time. I had very little and got a job where I was able
to get my life started, buy a car, and actually have posessions. So I left school, left the town I lived in and started working for a Coca-Cola distributor. I rose to sales and account management position and was very good at what I did and took a lot of pride in my work and worked very hard. They began to rug-pull all the benefits that made the job worth it so I left. I bought my first reliable car, made a lot of good friends along the way, got married, and even bought a home. Since I left Coke, I worked for a Home Improvement company doing in-home sales in the summer of 2021 (a terrible experience) where I was fired after being forced to pitch windows to naked children, where I subsequently vomitted. After that I took out my retirement from Coke, bought and sold some stocks and Dogecoin while I tried to figure out what I wanted to do. In September 2021 I started working at a company who sold, rented, and maintained tractor trailer trailers along with parts for them. I worked in the parts department. I left after managment lied about a Covid outbreak and covered up sexual harassment. I'm starting at a new parts job very soon. 

My interest in cyber secruity comes as a forseen necessity in digital control over processes. If automation becomes more commonplace in logistics they will need to be secured. I would assume that ransomware could easily target these systems and cripple much relied on infrastructure.
